---
title: "History"
categories:
  - Human Programming Technology
  - Corporate Culture
tags:
  - HPT
  - corporate
  - culture
---

NOTICE! Everything herein is presented purely as purely hypothetical--a work of fiction.



The history of this civilization:

This iteration of civilization began over 12,000 years ago.
This is not the first iteration of civilization.
After the collapse of the previous civilization,
our ancestors agreed to never rebuild.
Coming out of the last ice age,
somewhere in Asia,
this oath was abandoned and
our ancestors decided that civilization could be rebuilt in a sustainable way
given that we make use of a special sort of beast of burden,
and so they interbred with a lesser hominid species,
creating a less-intelligent hybrid that could still comprehend its mortality,
thus allowing it to be enslaved and utilized as a beast of burden.
Anyone who knows the story of Pygmalian would know that our ancestors interbred with their creation,
ultimately resulting in a degeneration into the current unsustainable system.

In the Abrahamic mythos,
we see that Satan chose to deceive the Yahweh's hybrid species, Eve,
rather than the Elohim's species referred to as Adam.

The Adam species was significantly older than the Eve species,
and so the Adam species had more time to develop an understanding and appreciation of the nature of things
and still had a distant memory of the previous iterations of civilization.
That memory was inscribed on a pillar along with the sciences fundamental to domesticating species and constructing a civilization.
The fruit of this forbidden knowledge comes at the cost of making the world barren and the ultimate extinction of our species.



DISCLAIMER:
The information contained within this article is purely hypothetical,
and intended for educational purposes
(i.e., to demonstrate how a red team organization may be structured and operate).
