---
title: "The Nature of the Game"
categories:
  - Applied Spiritual Technology
  - Human Programming Technology
tags:
  - AST
  - HPT
---

NOTICE! Everything herein is presented purely as purely hypothetical--a work of fiction.



Some call the Causal reality an "experiment," or a "simulation."
Let us describe it as "The Game,"
as that should be a relatable, contemporary vernacular.
One might even call it a fully-immersive virtual reality simulator.

A PC is constructed of three components/aspects:
- Body: 3D
- Mind: 4D; the Astral form or "ghost"
- Soul: 5D

PCs who attain a high enough level will be able to transmigrate,
thus granting them extra lives, so to speak.
The mind is retained for some number of transmigrations.

PCs who haven't attained a high enough level to sustain an independent existence,
will be reabsorbed into the Super Soul.
This is, for most intents and purposes, "Losing the Game."

During a dream cycle, the mind enters a sort of mini-game.
Much of our daily practice should revolve around enhancing this mini-game experience, including:
- lucid dreaming
- retaining more memories when passing through the waking filter
- continuation of consciousness when transitioning between waking and sleeping states.

Members, especially high-ranking members, of your organization should devote daily practice to
enhancing the aforementioned continuation of consciousness
as well as passing through the gateways to attain Darshan
(literally meaning "glimpse," but it entails gaining an Acausal apprehension)
of aspects of your organization's patron/matron Acausal entity
(i.e., Seventh Level Initiate or higher).



DISCLAIMER:
The information contained within this article is purely hypothetical,
and intended for educational purposes
(i.e., to demonstrate how a red team organization may be structured and operate).
