---
title: "Open Borders"
categories:
  - Corporate Culture
  - Human Programming Technology
tags:
  - corporate
  - culture
  - HPT
---

NOTICE! Everything herein is presented purely as purely hypothetical--a work of fiction.



In order to maximize our resource efficiency and to make our unused resources fruitful,
it is necessary to transition from "traditional farming" to "wild tending."

These wild gardens require no maintenance once planted.
This will allow us to cover every square inch of uncivilized land
with native human habitat,
thus multiplying our nation's resources.
This increase in resources merely requires an upfront investment of time and labor.

Privately owned land is a practical concern here
and an impediment to our vision of multiplying the nation's wealth.
Therefore, we propose that private land ownership be prohibited:
all lands are public lands, belonging to the nation.
This will allow us to mobilize our citizens,
moving them from saturated food forests
and into food deserts where they can continue the restoration process.

We call this Manifest Destiny 2.0:
to, once again, cover the continent from sea to sea with wild foods.

Once this task is complete, we will "assist" other nations
which are struggling to implement or realize this plan:
probably we will begin by annexing Mexico and Canada.

We want to implement a minimum quota for planting this native human habitat.
Failure to meet this quota will result in permanent or temporary exile.

We'll have a few "rings of exile:"
1) Civilized Ring: area immediately surrounding a civ;
   tactically advantageous areas.
2) Citizen   Ring: areas around the Civilized Ring and around temperate regions with easy soil;
   areas classified as "habitable."
3) Outcast   Ring: areas away from the Citizen Ring;
   areas classified as "less habitable."
4) Exile     Ring: areas away from all other rings;
   areas classified as "uninhabitable."
   For most intents and purposes, this is the highest level of punishment.
5) (Banishment)  : people can be sent away from all territories we control, never to return.
   This should only be necessary for citizens who are of unreconcilably negative value--those
   who are actively decreasing the wealth of the nation,
   usually by doing unnecessary and intentional damage the the nation's food forests.



Inter-city travel: when resources need to be transported between cities,
prefer air transport or underground railways,
so as to minimize interference with native human habitat.



The current culture is such that most people will have to be exiled.
In order to expedite the cultural shift we need for this,
we propose to "open" our borders,
and to "give" exiled citizens' citizenship
to immigrants who are willing to undertake the duties of citizenship,
including meeting the planting quota.



The unemployed and the homeless are often a concern for a society.
We propose to allocate two acres to each unemployed/homeless person,
and food for some number of months.
In that way, there is no unemployment.
This also solves the homelessness problem,
as they can simply camp on their allocated lands.



Citizens can request an exemption (technically a transferrance of duties) from the planting quota for a few reasons:
- the citizen is currently serving in civilization
- the citizen is elderly/disabled

The exemption will only be granted if another citizen is willing to take on the additional quota.



Civilization will be classified as a military installment:
enlistment into the nation's military is a prerequisite
for entering civilization.


The nation should not operate at a loss:
there should be an annual net increase in national resources,
including the value of human resources and native human habitat.

Civilization should operate at a profit
and pay dividends to its constituents.
Otherwise, it should be abolished.



Controversial topics to be controlled/regulated in civilization
(outside civ, these things must be decided by tribal authorities):
- Abortion            : Permitted for medical purposes or for completion of duty to civilization.
                        If choosing to carry a pregnancy to term, the parent(s) will leave civilization.
                        TODO is it permissible to abort for the purpose of sacrifice or donating to science?
- Animal Rights       : Inside civ, animals are trained to perform services,
  and therefore receive a type of citizenship with certain protections.
  Non-service animals prohibited within civ.

- Black Lives Matter  : Undecided.
- Blue  Lives Matter  : Traditional police abolished.
  Replaced with "police service selection:" basically it's like jury duty.
  This policy probably needs to be updated.

- Copyrights          : Totally abolished: all intellectual property belongs to the nation.
- Currencies          : Must be able to be produced by citizens.
  Preferring: gold/obsidian-based coinage, seeds and (maybe) crypto-currencies.

- Death Penalty       : Replaced with banishment from the nation.
  Once banished, stepping foot within the nation will be a capital offense.
- Democracy           : Probably not.

- Electoral College   : Undecided.

- Free Market         : No. Civ will use the Vedic model.

- Genetic Modification: Undecided.
  Obviously, this will be necessary to compete with other civilizations.
  The question is how to properly roll out technologies that could accidentally genocide a bloodline.
  Forbidden until sufficient precautionary policies are implemented:
  forbidden unless control groups show no adverse effects after some number of generations.
  Permitted for specific (i.e., mission critical) purposes.
- Genetically Modified Mosquitoes, etc.: Capital offense.
- Gerrymandering      : This has already been solved programmatically.
- Global Warming      : Dealing with this is classified as a non-priority,
  though certain policies should reduce it as a side-effect.
  Primary causes:
  - Burning fossil fuels: Capital offense outside civilization
  - Deforestation       : Capital offense, except as necessary for wild tending
- Gun Control         : Not regulated, except possibly for excessively destructive technologies, such as personal nukes.

- Indigenous Peoples  : Restore full hegemony over non-civilized rings.
- Israel/Palestine Conflict and other foreign affairs: Non-intervention.
  If the situation affects us, then obliterate both sides.

- Legalizing Marijuana: Full legalization and deregulation of all religious sacraments for common denominations of major world religions,
  including:
  - Melatonin: InnovAnon, Inc.
  - Alcohol  : Catholicism
  - Marijuana: Shaivism
  - Tobacco  : Indigenous
  - (other psychedelics): Indigenous
- Literacy            : Required for membership in civilization.
- Livable Wage        : Mandatory. Capital offense to disrupt civ by underpaying employees.
  In other words, if a job position is deemed necessary for the functioning of civilization,
  then a person performing that job position must be compensated adequately so as to enable him to remain in civilization to do that job.
  Otherwise, the job position must be abolished and that person should exit civilization.

- Neo-Nazis and White Supremacists: Allocated to different civilizations than, e.g., the communists.
  "Separate but equal."

- Opioids             : Undecided.

- Performance-Enhancing Drugs: Permitted/administered for specific (i.e., mission critical) purposes.
- Plastic Surgery     : Only provided for legitimate medical purposes to treat an illness or injury.

- Relationships       : (including marriage) Not regulated or even registered with the state.
- Religious Freedom   : Total freedom outside civ.
  As much as is reasonable within civ.
  Most civs should probably be secular.

- Sexuality           : Either totally unregulated or completely forbidden.
  This is a non-issue in civ, as all members must be of working age.
- Stem Cell Research  : Either totally unregulated or actively financed and supported.
- Student Loans       : Capital offense to lend with interest.
  National jubilee (periodic cancellation of all debts, usually every 20 years).
  All education necessary for the fulfillment of your role in civilization will be provided/subsidized.

- Taxation and Wages  : Undecided.
  Probably will be completely abolished.
- Terrorism           : Dealing with this is classified as a non-priority,
  though certain policies should reduce it as a side-effect:
  - All activities in civilization will be monitored
    with the primary goal being improving the efficiency of members' everyday lives
    and ultimately improving the civilization's overall productivity.
- The Media           : Undecided.
  In its current form, it needs to be censored and controlled.
- Transgender         : Not prohibited, but not supported.
  No special accommodations made.
  Not covered by Universal Healthcare.

- Universal Healthcare: For members of civilization for the duration of their service.
  Terminally ill or injured members may be ejected from civilization.

- Vaccinations        : Currently prohibited.
  Obviously, this will be necessary to compete with other civilizations.
  The question is how to properly roll out technologies that could accidentally genocide a bloodline.
  Forbidden until sufficient precautionary policies are implemented:
  forbidden unless control groups show no adverse effects after some number of generations.
  Permitted for specific (i.e., mission critical) purposes.



DISCLAIMER:
The information contained within this article is purely hypothetical,
and intended for educational purposes
(i.e., to demonstrate how a red team organization may be structured and operate).
