---
title: "Grimdark"
categories:
  - Human Programming Technology
  - Corporate Culture
tags:
  - HPT
  - corporate
  - culture
---

NOTICE! Everything herein is presented purely as purely hypothetical--a work of fiction.



Over the past 12 millennia, civilized existence has been nothing short of a grimdark horror porn.
We've done everything to construct a system that epidomizes the grimdark genre.
"This is grimdark: no one should be happy."



At a myopic glance, 
"human societies are built upon mutual cooperation and complex social systems."

But, looking deeper into the way this world operates,
we see that our systems are engineered for exploitation,
and our social systems serve only to maintain the status quo
or to progress our society toward its ultimate fate.

This setting we've constructed condemns all but a few
to an existence so awful
that the only reason to get up in the morning is
to pursue selfish and exploitative endeavors.

It's not that no one has come up with ways to improve conditions,
but rather that people rarely make a coordinated effort to try fix things
unless their entire movement has already been hijacked for nefarious purposes.

Why hasn't an arguably better system supplanted our current one?
Because the only other system (pre-civilization) was already supplanted by our current one.
There are no other systems for civilization--there are only earlier and later phases in the process.
There are, indeed, only these two systems--civilization and pre-civilization--and
these are arguably just two phases in one system:
pre-civilization that grows into a dystopian civilization that implodes back into pre-civilization.

This setting is rife with factions that are worse than the individuals comprising them.

Their rise to power is subtle and probably untraceable.
The current phase has been ongoing for over half a millennium,
but this is merely the natural progression that has been unfolding
since the onset of civilization.

They rule from behind the scenes, installing sinister puppets into lofty corner offices,
pulling strings in secret meetings,
and leveraging their vast wealth to make the world in their image.
These cabals have an approval rating that slips into the negatives,
and still manage to maintain their stranglehold on humanity,
since most are distracted by their marionettes,
and the rest are too few and too poor to effectively oppose them.

These factions hardly even make token efforts to improve things,
unless these efforts will actually exacerbate things.



This, however, is not a condemnation of humanity for its incessant failures.
The nature of this existence is such that a reasonable person would not have any persistent attachments to it.
Indeed, a reasonable person will see the futility of trying to improve this dire failure we call civilization.
And a spiritual person will see that this dystopia we've built is actually optimal
for our spiritual progress--discouraging us from waking up to pursue any worldly endeaver
and, instead, encouraging us to pursue an acausal existence and our ultimate liberation from this causal existence.
Improving our plight in civilization would actually reduce the number of people attaining this spiritual liberation.
This causal existence--and even civilization--are optimal for the Dark Gods and optimal for us to become as the Dark Gods.



DISCLAIMER:
The information contained within this article is purely hypothetical,
and intended for educational purposes
(i.e., to demonstrate how a red team organization may be structured and operate).
