---
title: "Holidays"
categories:
  - Applied Spiritual Technology
  - Corporate Culture
  - Human Programming Technology
tags:
  - AST
  - corporate
  - culture
  - HPT
---

NOTICE! Everything herein is presented purely as purely hypothetical--a work of fiction.



The following dates and times are reserved for observances (holidays or "holy days"):

- Sabbats (Solar festivals),
  including the previous eve;
  regular service open to public
  to perform standard occult workings
  and to announce general organizational news and updates.

- Esbats (Lunar activities),
  including the previous and following eves;
  regular service for clergy
  to perform standard occult workings
  and to discuss general organizational topics.

- Significant alignments of other heavenly bodies,
  including the previous and following eves;
  reserved for individual practice and for regular service for clergy
  to perform miscellaneous occult workings.

- VoC Moon;
  time of "rest" for everyone;
  reserved for individual practice and for regular service for clergy
  to perform specific occult workings.

- Solar and Lunar Eclipses;
  reserved for individual practice and for regular service for clergy
  to perform amplified occult workings.

- Meteor showers and other weather phenomena;
  reserved for individual practice and for regular service for clergy
  to perform destructive occult workings.



Sabbats and Esbats are preceded with a fast of 1-3 days.

Sabbats begin on sundown the Eve of the holiday
and continue until the following sundown
when fasts are broken.

Esbats include the full moon and optionally other lunar phases,
as well as including the days immediately prior to and after the significant lunar phase.

The Void of Course moon is considered inauspicious for most intents and purposes.

Solar and Lunar Eclipses are generally used for personal development.

Meteor showers and other weather phenomena
are leveraged to eliminate high value targets of rival factions.



DISCLAIMER:
The information contained within this article is purely hypothetical,
and intended for educational purposes
(i.e., to demonstrate how a red team organization may be structured and operate).
