---
title: "Eternal Broth"
categories:
  - Food
tags:
  - food
comments: true
share: true
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/3600x3600.png
  caption: "Photo credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com)"
  cta_url: "https://unsplash.com"
#image:
#  background: /assets/images/3600x3600.png
##background_image: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
##image: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
##background: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
---

In my experience, this recipe is finnicky and liable to turn bitter.
These notes should help reduce the likelihood of that outcome,
as well as clarify the canonical preparation of the sacramental meal,
although the outline is vague enough to allow for regional and cultural
variations, including dietary restrictions.

It is not uncommon for a stone, such as quartz or granite,
being left in the broth.

If stock is watery-tasting:
- replace water with trash tea:
  boil the water and steep the onion skins for 12-15 minutes.
  longer and it'll turn bitter.
- roast ingredients prior to adding
- add pan seasoning:
  scrape the cast iron.
  this sarbloh is probably converted to a bioavailable form,
  which can interact with (enhance) the calcium-fortification.
- add more solids
- add more stock (hence the "eternal" part)

If stock is bitter:
- possible bad combo of ingredients
- heat not low enough
- skim grease and fat periodically
- remove solids after about a day or two

Solids such as beans have additional considerations:
- sprouts should be rinsed a few times daily
- sprouts should be well-ventilated
- the bean skins are prone to separate and should be picked out
- sprouts seem to require significantly higher heat and longer cook times
- pair with garlic, bayleaf, etc.

The stock can furthermore be calcium-fortified,
but should not use more than 2-3 eggs per week
per person.
- submerge the egg into a vinegar solution for 1-2 days
- afterward, the egg can be slow cooked in the broth.
  the timing is something like 30-60 minutes.
- the now calcium-fortified vinegar can be used for roasting, etc.
  caveat emptor, this is a bioavailable form a calcium.
- the iron already interacts with the calcium,
  but if additional potency is desired,
  then add a trace amount of copper,
  e.g., by stirring with a copper spoon,
  such as a Roman-style spoon.

Having produced a potable crock of eternal stock,
the next issue is using it.
Obviously, the liquid functions as a substitute for water
in most recipes,
but the solids may be less apparent.
There are two main approaches:
- to liquify  the solids
- to solidify the solids

For the former approach, the solids are pureed
to form a soup base.
To properly emulsify the broth and the solids:
- add grease/fat which should have been strained and retained
- add broth gradually until desired consistency
- blend, reheat and simmer
- remove from heat, then add any additional leafy veggies,
  fats or creams, especially the fresh sauce

The fresh sauce involves pureeing fresh vegetables,
such as garlic and even radishes in some sort of base,
such as sour cream or mayonnaise.
Eating copius amounts of fresh sauce repels pesky bugs.

The latter approach has two main variations:
- the solids are refried into a paste
- the solids are formed into dumplings for frying or baking

The final consideration is proper portioning.
Something like 1.5 cups of grains and 1 cup of beans
max per day per person.
This would include the stock solids as well as, e.g.,
(sourdough) bread.

