---
title: "Dog Food"
categories:
  - Food
tags:
  - food
comments: true
share: true
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/3600x3600.png
  caption: "Photo credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com)"
  cta_url: "https://unsplash.com"
#image:
#  background: /assets/images/3600x3600.png
##background_image: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
##image: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
##background: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
---

Tired of your dog eating out of the trash,
begging for your curry,
accepting treats from strangers,
and just generally being a dirty shithound?

This diet can help teach your dog to have
a more discriminating palette:
- the trash won't smell as tasty,
- onions and spices will clearly indicate whose food is whose,
- your dog eats better than the plebians.

These recipes use chicken as a staple,
specifically the chicken stock,
with a side of eggs and biscuits,
but other meats can be used as well.

Ideally, the dog will eat most of the food
without licking the bowl completely clean.
Eating too little might indicate an ingredient
that the dog needs less of or doesn't like at all.
Eating too much might indicate insufficient food,
though it's best to build up as inexperienced dogs
tend to overeat until they acclimate.

The biscuits can simply be left out in a bowl...
like a candy dish.
With enough time on this diet,
a jerky bowl may even be feasible.

Chicken Stock
- Mix ACV, honey, butter, herbs, etc.
- Marinate chicken in sauce for 24 hours.
- Begin cooking veggies like potato in crock pot.
- Sear chicken
- Add chicken to crock pot. 
- Cook 24 hours.

Chicken Jello
- Marinate chicken bone in ACV for 24 hours.
- Boil bones
- Caramelize bones
- Slow cook bones until falling apart
- refridgerate the bone stock in a jello container

Cream of Chicken Liver Soup
- Optionally boil veggies like potato.
- Boil chicken livers in chicken broth.
- Blend veggie solids and 1-2 chicken livers.
- Simmer.
- Add green leafy herbs.
- Stir in butter, olive oil or cream

Egg Drop Soup
- Boil chicken broth with ginger
- Drizzle eggs into boiling broth
- Add thickening agent

Deviled Egg
- Marinate egg in ACV for 24-48 hours.
- Save the calcium-fortified ACV.
- Slow cook egg in chicken broth for .5-1 hour.
- Devil egg with butter, dill weed, etc.

Biscuits
- make dough with powdered flax seeds, peanut butter, oat meal, flour, chicken broth
- knead dough so the bread is more chewy than crumbly
- bake dough

