---
title: "Honor"
categories:
  - Fin
tags:
  - fin
comments: true
share: true
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/3600x3600.png
  caption: "Photo credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com)"
  cta_url: "https://unsplash.com"
#image:
#  background: /assets/images/3600x3600.png
##background_image: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
##image: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
##background: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
---

"Becoming that Indian you killed," as Fin would say.

Fin was not an ideological person--quite the opposite:
she was zealously pragmatic.

I lie on the opposite end of that spectrum,
and so my interpretations are merely an attempt
to provide an ideology--a system for structuring our thoughts--to support
a message that was mostly told through action.

I don't think it was wrong (strictly speaking), conquering the natives.
When resources are limited, morality loses its limits;
you do what you must, lest you die.
There often more utilitarian solutions than the savagry this implies,
but these solutions must be devised, proposed and adopted,
in order to be summoned from the Aether into our causal universe.

However, with regard to the honor culture of our ancestors,
we could possibly owe some life debts from all this.
Fin did specifically mention that the grandparents
plant the ancestral gardens for the grandchildren,
and that by breaking this cycle,
we incurred the life debt to the grandparents.
She said, "we have to become that Indian we killed."

Since our ancestors did it, we did it:
we are our ancestors. A family is a person.
She would reiterate, "Same spirit, same people."
Our spirit has not changed; our spirit is still one of
warring against the land--in fact, seeing ourselves
as separate from it.

The people are a part of their land,
and their land is a part of them.
Is this what they mean by, "blood and soil?"

Humans, at a fundamental level are animals,
and like all animals, we have a role in our ecosystem.
Therefore, any notion of sacred duty fundamentally
stems from that role.

Shifting away from anthrocentric paradigms
is necessary to shift away from egocentric paradigms:
"As above, so below."

The ego cannot be subdued when it frames your thoughts;
the ego must be transformed, so that you control it.

This is why I assert that spiritual growth is stunted unless
walking the path Fin laid out.

Men and women spend so much time arguing about whether
the seat's default position should be up or down
without realizing that the lid's default position should be down.
Planting back is like putting the lid down.

You give life to the things you love.
You love the things that give you life.
You give freedom to the things you love.
Domestication is not freedom: we must plant native human habitat,
a.k.a., edible permaculture, a.k.a., ancestral gardens.
And we must plant them in the wild. We must "feed the wild."

The gardens are there, but the people are not.
The gardens are waiting for when we're ready to return.
The Garden of Eden is not yet lost.

Only by planting back can you be a part of this thing of beauty.
Without planting back, there is a discrepency between theory and practice
regarding the maxim, "all is one and one is all."

