---
title: "How to Explain Difficult Concepts to Neurotypical Individuals"
categories:
  - HPT
tags:
  - hpt
comments: true
share: true
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/3600x3600.png
  caption: "Photo credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com)"
  cta_url: "https://unsplash.com"
#image:
#  background: /assets/images/3600x3600.png
##background_image: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
##image: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
##background: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
---

Do not bother with a logical or rigorous argument:
this will only impede your efforts.

Identify the memetic topics on which the subject fixates.
These are clearly apparent when, delivering a rigorous argument,
the subject focuses on tangential anecdotes,
derailing the conversation.

Relate these memetic triggers to anecdotes and examples of the point
you are trying to make.

Often, the subject will have such strong affect about any such anecdotes
that it prevents any rational comprehension of the larger topic.
Rather than see this as an obstacle,
use it as an asset:
it may take several attempts to find an example that does not disable his/her frontal cortex,
and each attempt may take hours to return to the topic at hand,
but this is merely an indicator that the right example is yet to be found.

If you fail to find an engaging example,
the subject will tend to interject with random or circumstantial observations
with no pertinence to the topic at hand.
This is a sign that all explanation has been wasted,
and that you should start over.

If you fail to find such a compelling example,
then all is not lost:
deep neual networks almost universally outperform far brighter individuals
than the subjects discussed here.
If you can afford the hardware,
then software is a much more viable solution than average or below-average humans.

The larger problem we face is that more than half of humans have negative economic value,
since they are less useful than AI for most tasks,
except janitorial work,
but they cost significantly more to house and feed
than such rolls are able to pay.

