---
title: "System of Ethics"
categories:
  - HPT
tags:
  - hpt
comments: true
share: true
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/3600x3600.png
  caption: "Photo credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com)"
  cta_url: "https://unsplash.com"
#image:
#  background: /assets/images/3600x3600.png
##background_image: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
##image: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
##background: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
---

If there is no (perceived) choice, then an act is deemed "necessary."
A morality judgment cannot be attached to a necessary action.
Only choices can be moral.

For example, if a family is starving and one of its members steals food,
the act of theft is neither moral nor immoral: it is necessary.

This concept is to prevent an "ends justify the means" mentality:
the means may be necessary, but they are neither justified nor unjustified.

Goals can be subjectively judged as ideal or non-ideal.
Necessary actions are then a means to an ideal end or a non-ideal end.
It is moral to choose ideal goals, and immoral to choose non-ideal goals.
Morality is therefore subjective, depending on the quality of the goals.
We judge the quality of goals based on their outcome with respect to all sentient beings.

For example, suppose a subsistence farmer's field is overrun by locusts.
His goal may be self-preservation, and so exterminating the locusts is necessary.
Exterminating the locusts is neither moral nor immoral.
Relative to himself, self-preservation is an ideal goal.
Relative to the locusts, the farmer's goal is non-ideal.
Likewise, the continued existence of the aforementioned family may be judged as either ideal or non-ideal.

There is a transferrence of morality if one limits the freedom of choice of another:
if, by limiting his freedom of choice, he carries out an act that would otherwise be moral or immoral,
the morality of his actions cannot be judged, for they were necessary.
Instead, the morality of his actions is transferred to the one limiting his freedom.
If he carries out an action that would be moral (if his freedom of choice had not been limited),
then the one forcing his hand has done a good thing.
If he carries out an action that would be immoral, then the one forcing his hand has committed an offense.

For example, if a dog bites its master, it may be considered immoral.
But if his master backs him into a corner and is subsequently bitten,
then the master is guilty of causing the dog to bite him
(and also of beating the dog in the first place,
and also of limiting the freedom of choice--for the worst--of a sentient being).
The dog, in this case, is innocent: his actions were necessary.

If a person commits an immoral act at the expense of another,
it is incumbent upon the other (and indeed all others) to
put that person into a similar situation, so as to teach empathy:
increasing the empathy of sentient beings is an ideal goal;
vendetta is necessary to achieve that goal.

This concept is codified in Judeo-Christian doctrine:
"an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, a life for a life."

For example, the dog-beater who gets bitten must likewise be beaten and backed into a corner.
If he fights back (as the dog did), it is immoral,
as punishing him was necessary, and was warranted by his own choices.

Stagnation is non-ideal; evolution is ideal.
L2 humans are more evolved (physically and spiritually) than L1 humans.
Causing L1 humans to learn empathy is necessary to convert them to L2 humans.
It is necessary to increase the proportion of L2 humans relative to L1 humans,
in order to achieve the goal of evolution.
Such evolution is ideal because it increases our consideration of all sentient beings.

For example, it is immoral for an L2 human to sacrifice himself for the sake of an L1 human;
it is moral for an L1 human to sacrifice himself for the sake of an L2 human:
in the former case, the L2 human chose a pursue a non-ideal goal
and in the lattern case, the L1 human chose to pursue an ideal goal.

L1 humans, lacking empathy, cause suffering of all sentient beings.
L2 humans, having empathy, strive for the benefit of all sentient beings.
If the effect of L1 humans outweighs the effect of L2 humans,
and if the proportion of L2 humans cannot be increased,
then it is moral to choose to discontinue the entire species,
as that would maximize the benefit to all sentient beings.

