---
title: "Terminology"
categories:
  - 
tags:
  - 
comments: true
share: true
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/3600x3600.png
  caption: "Photo credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com)"
  cta_url: "https://unsplash.com"
#image:
#  background: /assets/images/3600x3600.png
##background_image: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
##image: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
##background: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
excerpt: "Dictionary of terms aimed at fostering a better understanding of the perspective and experiences of neurodivergent individuals."
---

"L2 humans" is a concept taken from fiction.

"Jason Andrews – Son of Jane Sykes Andrews, grandson of Cara Sykes, Jason is a pilot and a bit of an adrenaline junkie. He is also one of the first few humans to exhibit the natural L2 mutation, which means that the axons—neural pathways—in his brain have a significantly higher number of nodes than a normal L0 human. They function as signal boosters, which allow him to process information at lightning speeds, and give him much faster reflexes than unaugmented humans have.

Tobi – One of the uplifted cats bred by Jane Sykes Andrews as companion pets for families living in habitats and on ships. Tobi helped Tobias accompany Jason, carrying his core around in her harness, since AIs cannot embed inside an L2 human."

[source](https://www.bookfrom.net/m-d-cooper/498364-tau_ceti_-_the_phage_aeon_14_enfield_genesis_book_3.html)

In reality:
- we have slower processing speeds, which correlate with other benefits.
- there are no known studies evaluating the embeddability of Neuralink technology into neurodivergent physiologies
- embeddable General AIs do not yet exist

We are a distinct [ethnic group](https://micronations.wiki/wiki/Asperger%27s_as_an_ethnic_group).

-----

They [the Equestrian faction] informed us that the original human species, referred to as "adam" or homo sapiens originalis, played a crucial role in transforming the Earth into a habitable environment, often likened to the concept of the Garden of Eden.

According to their account, modern humans, known as homo sapiens domesticus, are the result of a hybridization between adam and another species called "eve" or homo sapiens infernus. It is speculated that eve may have been genetically modified with alien DNA. This hybridization may contribute to the belief held by modern humans that they are separate from and superior to the natural world.

However, the behavior of modern humans seems to deviate from their ecological role or "dharma," resulting in the collapse of entire ecosystems and the ongoing sixth mass extinction. This has led to the metaphorical concept of "the fall" or being "cast out" of the metaphorical Garden of Eden.

-----

## Sources

- Possible genetic factor causing increased axon branching co-occuring with normal IQ

  "Autism spectrum disorders (ASD) are heritable neurodevelopmental disorders affecting communication and behavior, and can include impaired intellectual ability. ASD is believed to result from altered synapse function and gene regulation. Among high-risk ASD genes, ANK2 is of particular interest since ANK2 mutations with an ASD diagnosis can occur with normal IQ. Here, we report that ASD ANK2 mutation in mice results in increased axon branching and ectopic connectivity associated with penetrant impairment in selected communicative and social behaviors combined with superior executive function. Thus, gain of axon branching is a candidate cellular mechanism to explain aberrant structural connectivity and dominantly inherited behavior that are compatible with normal intelligence and potentially can contribute to ASD and other forms of neurodiversity."
  [source](https://www.pnas.org/doi/full/10.1073/pnas.1904348116)

- Increased volume, same density of gray matter

  "The team did not find differences in gray-matter density at the whole-brain level or in individual regions. But the autistic participants had greater gray-matter volume overall. This is also the case in regions known to be different in people with autism, such as the superior temporal cortex, which is involved in language processing."
  [source](https://www.spectrumnews.org/news/autism-brains-neurons-take-space-usual/)

- Possible genetic factors causing increased neurons

  "Postmortem examination of ASD brains has revealed global changes including disorganized gray and white matter, increased number of neurons, decreased volume of neuronal soma, and increased neuropil, the last reflecting changes in densities of dendritic spines, cerebral vasculature and glia. Both cortical and non-cortical areas show region-specific abnormalities in neuronal morphology and cytoarchitectural organization, with consistent findings reported from the prefrontal cortex, fusiform gyrus, frontoinsular cortex, cingulate cortex, hippocampus, amygdala, cerebellum and brainstem. The paucity of postmortem human studies linking neuropathology to the underlying etiology has been partly addressed using animal models to explore the impact of genetic and non-genetic factors clinically relevant for the ASD phenotype. Genetically modified models include those based on well-studied monogenic ASD genes (NLGN3, NLGN4, NRXN1, CNTNAP2, SHANK3, MECP2, FMR1, TSC1/2), emerging risk genes (CHD8, SCN2A, SYNGAP1, ARID1B, GRIN2B, DSCAM, TBR1), and copy number variants (15q11-q13 deletion, 15q13.3 microdeletion, 15q11-13 duplication, 16p11.2 deletion and duplication, 22q11.2 deletion)"
  [source](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5693718/)

- Slower processing speed coupled with high verbal comprehension

  "Similarly, self, parent, and teacher reports of anxiety increased with FSIQ (all p<0.05) in autistic individuals, in striking opposition to the ameliorating effect of FSIQ seen in non-autistic individuals. We uncovered a pattern of decreased processing speed (PS) coupled with very high verbal comprehension (VC), a PS/VC discrepancy, that was associated with autism, inattention, and internalizing problems. Similar cognitive-behavioral links were also observed in the ABCD study. Finally, we found a significant association between the PS/VC discrepancy and polygenic risk for autism in the ABCD sample (t=2.9, p=0.004)."
  [source](https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2021.11.02.21265802v2)

- Amygdala overgrowth

  "The amygdala — a brain structure enlarged in two-year-old children diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) — begins its accelerated growth between 6 and 12 months of age, suggests a study funded by the National Institutes of Health. The amygdala is involved in processing emotions, such as interpreting facial expressions or feeling afraid when exposed to a threat. The findings indicate that therapies to reduce the symptoms of ASD might have the greatest chance of success if they begin in the first year of life, before the amygdala begins its accelerated growth."
  [source](https://www.nih.gov/news-events/news-releases/amygdala-overgrowth-occurs-autism-spectrum-disorder-may-begin-during-infancy)

- Strong Forms of Intuition in Autism

  "Social-cognitive skills can take different forms, from accurately predicting individuals’ intentions, emotions, and thoughts (person perception or folk psychology) to accurately predicting social phenomena more generally. Past research has linked autism spectrum (AS) traits to person perception deficits in the general population. We tested whether AS traits also predict poor accuracy in terms of predicting generalized social phenomena, assessed via participants’ accuracy at predicting social psychological phenomena (e.g., social loafing, social projection, group think). We found the opposite. In a sample of ∼6,500 participants in 104 countries, AS traits predicted slightly higher social psychological skill. A second study with 400 participants suggested that heightened systemizing underlies this relationship. Our results indicate that AS traits relate positively to a form of social cognitive skill—predicting social psychological phenomena—and highlight the importance of distinguishing between divergent types of social cognition."
  [source](https://www.pnas.org/doi/10.1073/pnas.1911460116)

- Training Intuition

  "As intuitive thinking is fast and deliberative thinking is slow, this research manipulated the time available to complete a series of reasoning questions. These questions have been developed to have intuitive answers (which are incorrect) and deliberative answers (which are correct). For the first time, a fast time manipulation (you must answer quickly) and slow (you must think about your answer before responding) was undertaken with autistic individuals. Autistic participants did produce more deliberative answers than the non-autistic participants. However, both groups produced comparably more intuitive answers and less deliberative answers in the fast condition. This shows that while autistic people tend not to use their intuition, autistic people can be encouraged to use their intuition."
  [source](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10291371/)

- Intuition in Savantism

  "The previously proposed hypothesis on the astrocyte mega-domains of autistic savantism is here further elaborated with regard to the faculty of intuition. Two mechanisms may essentially be responsible for the intuition of autistic savantism. First, the increased number of contacted synapses via the astrocyte processes enables the brain to generate a comprehensive perception of a scene in the environment. Second, to inhibit a further reflection process neuronal synapses responsible for pertinent information must be rejected by retraction of the same astrocyte processes. This second mechanism may exert the disconnections of neuronal systems and is experimentally verified. Therefore, the break-off of further social contacts may also be necessary. The testing of the hypothesis in living brains is difficult but at least partly possible in post-mortem brains."
  [source](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0306987713004829)

- Pattern Recognition

  "The brain regions in question are called the temporal and occipital areas, and are associated with perception and recognition of patterns.

A new review of multiple studies determined that people with an autism spectrum disorder tend to have more brain activity in these regions, and less brain activity in frontal brain regions associated with planning and decision-making.

The studies provide evidence that people with autism tend to perform strongly on visual tasks , said researcher Laurent Mottron of the Centre for Excellence in Pervasive Development Disorders at the University of Montreal.

The studies show that people with autism "have larger visual activity, something that's already known at a behavioral level to some extent," Mottron said during a press conference.

Researchers analyzed 26 brain imaging studies that included 357 people with autism and 370 people without autism. In all imaging studies, regardless of the research design or task presented to the study participants, the temporal and occipital brain regions had increased brain activity compared with non-autistic people, the review said.

"It means that the autistic brain is reorganized, but it's not reorganized in a disorganized way," Mottron said. "It's reorganized in the sense of favoring visual expertise.""
  [source](https://www.livescience.com/35586-autism-brain-activity-regions-perception.html)

-----

## NDs vs. NTs

- PCs vs. NPCs: Player Characters
  * Fictional counterpart: Protagonists or main characters in role-playing games, often portrayed with exceptional abilities or attributes.
  * Real-life counterpart: Neurodivergent individuals who may possess a unique set of strengths and challenges due to their neurodivergence.

- Min-Maxers vs. "Normies":
  * Fictional counterpart: Min-maxers are PC players who optimize their character's attributes to maximize strengths and minimize weaknesses.
  * Real-life counterpart: NDs, including individuals with savantism, who may outperform NTs in certain areas while underperforming in others.

- Protagonists vs. "Extras":
  * Fictional counterpart: Protagonists are the main characters in stories, often driving the narrative and overcoming challenges.
  * Real-life counterpart: NTs (Neurotypical individuals), who outnumber NDs by a large margin, tend to blend into the background like movie extras, while NDs may stand out due to their atypicality.

- Jedis vs. Stormtroopers (from Star Wars):
  * Fictional counterpart: Jedis are portrayed as skilled and wise warriors with a deep connection to the Force. In this analogy, NDs can be likened to Jedis, with their unique abilities, which could be seen as a form of high-tech wizardry.
  * Real-life counterpart: NTs, on the other hand, can be compared to Stormtroopers, who are often portrayed as conformant and serving an oppressive regime. This comparison highlights some of the challenges and negative experiences that neurodivergent individuals may face in society. There is a cluster of statistics suggesting that NDs have a higher likelihood of using marijuana or psilocybin for medication, a higher representation in the drug-related and ND prison population, increased vulnerability to bad interactions with law enforcement even for law-abiding NDs, a higher risk of being targeted by criminals, and a higher probability of NTs blindly supporting these aspects due to just-world phenomenon and victim-blaming cognitive biases.

- Vulcans (from Star Trek) vs. Klingons/Ferengi/Borgs:
  * Fictional counterpart: Vulcans are depicted as beings with high intelligence and logic, who prioritize control of their emotions. In comparison, NTs may exhibit characteristics similar to Klingons in terms of confrontational behavior, and self-serving and greedy behavior like Ferengi. Additionally, NTs can be likened to Borgs in their assimilation of technology and their desire to assimilate neurodivergent individuals into their hyper-conformist society.
  * Real-life counterpart: NDs often possess high levels of empathy and logical thinking abilities, but they may also experience challenges with emotional regulation, alexithymia (difficulty identifying and describing emotions), and interoception (awareness of bodily sensations).

- Divergents (from the movie) vs. Conformists:
  * Fictional counterpart: Divergents are individuals who deviate from societal norms and exhibit multiple traits or talents.
  * Real-life counterpart: Neurodivergent individuals, including NDs, possess a range of unique characteristics and abilities, which may deviate from societal expectations.

- L2 humans vs. L0/L1 humans (from Aeon14):
  * Fictional counterpart: L2 humans have higher node density, faster processing speeds, and enhanced reflexes.
  * Real-life counterpart: NDs often exhibit increased neuronal branching and connectivity, but they may have slower processing speeds. This can lead to strengths in verbal comprehension but may also be associated with conditions like dyspraxia.

- Witches/Wizards/Shamans/Monks vs. Cowans/Muggles/Squibs:
  * Fictional counterpart: Witches, wizards, shamans, and monks have supernatural abilities associated with magical or mystical practices.
  * Real-life counterpart: Neurodivergent individuals, including NDs, often possess a hyperfocus on their special interests, allowing them to acquire in-depth knowledge and skills that may surpass those of NTs without physiological modifications.

- Homo Sapiens Originalis vs. Homo Sapiens Domesticus/Infernus:
  * Fictional counterpart: The concepts of Homo Sapiens Originalis and Homo Sapiens Domesticus/Infernus are derived from Lakota myths and describe the fall of a high civilization and the subsequent rebuilding using a hybrid humanoid species.
  * Real-life counterpart: Although we have evidence of multiple hominin species in our ancestral lineage, including Homo neanderthalensis, Homo denisova, and Homo erectus, the specific concepts described in the myths do not have direct real-life counterparts.

- Adam vs. Eve (from the Bible):
  * Fictional counterpart: Adam has been proposed to mean the original mankind, both male and female; whereas Eve is a duplicate mankind able to hybridize with the original.
  * Real-life counterpart: The existence and historical identities of Adam and Eve, as described in the Bible, lack concrete evidence and are subject to individual beliefs and interpretations.

- Auties/outies vs. boxies:
  * NTs (Neurotypical individuals) are sometimes referred to as "boxies" because they are perceived to think inside the box, adhering to conventional norms and expectations.
  * Neurodivergent individuals, such as autistics (often referred to as "Auties" or "outies"), tend to think outside the box and deviate from conventional norms and expectations.

- Acoustics vs. Dissonants:
  * NDs (Neurodivergent individuals) are generally known to have strengths in music and may have a natural ability to live in harmony with nature and other species.
  * NTs (Neurotypical individuals), on the other hand, may not have the same affinity for music or living in harmony and may experience a sense of discordance within themselves and in their relationships with others.

- Outliers vs. Marginalizers:
  * NDs (Neurodivergent individuals), being a minority, are often marginalized due to their differences. However, they can also be outliers, exhibiting exceptional performance or abilities in certain areas.
  * NTs (Neurotypical individuals), being the majority, may not always effectively address the needs of marginalized populations. This can result in corner or edge cases, such as neurodivergent individuals, being overlooked or not properly supported, allowing them to "slip through the cracks," so to speak.

