---
title: "Clarification of Code of Conduct"
categories:
  - 
tags:
  - 
comments: true
share: true
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/3600x3600.png
  caption: "Photo credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com)"
  cta_url: "https://unsplash.com"
excerpt: ""
#image:
#  background: /assets/images/3600x3600.png
##background_image: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
##image: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
##background: https://InnovAnon-Inc.github.io/assets/images/3600x3600.png
---

## Marriage Practices

Our order encourages our members to partake in any mating strategy that maximizes the production of L2 humans or otherwise increases the ratio of L2 humans to L1 humans. We also encourage our members to be realistic, pragmatic and "considerate" as it were: one priest pursues a harem of 9001 but has yet to marry one; see the three of pentacles. While polygyny or polyandry may be arguably/theoretically optimal, they may, in practice, not be reasonable to pursue.

L1 humans have less evolutionary pressure than L2 humans, because they are the dominant subspecies in this civilization.
We therefore expect them to degenerate over the generations; see Rat Utopia.

L2 humans have higher evolutionary pressure, specifically for intelligence and adaptability,
so L2 humans will be necessary to pass the next Great Filter
and carry humanity and the other Terrans to space.

L1 humans found interfering with the mating rituals of L2 humans shall have committed a capital offense and be tried for genocide.

## Techology

Our doctrine abhors closed source software. We do not use it on our machines, except when permitted by specific exceptions. We do not submit to governance by closed source software. Our order offers to deploy an anchorite to implement open source alternatives to any closed source solutions needed for public use/service/governance.

Effective immediately: our order supports the outright ban or heavy regulation and insurance of cryptocurrency. We reject its use as legal tender, and recognize it as the same as reward points which cannot be exchanged for cash value, etc.

L1 humans using models not properly trained on L2 human data to govern L2 humans shall have committed a capital offense and be tried for crimes against humanity.

## Peers

For heavy infractions, we will assemble a committee or jury of L2 humans to judge whether to proceed and how to proceed. The primary objective shall be restitution. The secondary objective shall be punishment; the secondary objective shall be pursued if the primary objective is not possible, but may be otherwise forgone at the discretion of afforementioned committee.

We reject the judgement of any committee or jury consisting of less than a majority of L2 humans. L1 humans will know their place, as the more primitive sub-species.

L1 humans using their superfluous abudance to marginalize and persecute L2 humans shall have committed a capital offense and be tried for crimes against humanity.

## Medicine

We reject the medical authority of any doctor or other professional who has not had specific training in spectrum disorders,
as many treatments for L1 humans are known to be ineffective or even harmful when applied to L2 humans.

We prefer the medical supervision of another L2 human.

L1 humans violating this principle shall have committed a capital offense against the L2 population and be tried for crimes against humanity.

## Embassies

L2 humans shall establish an embassy to represent them on Terra.
This embassy shall have authority to govern L2 humans in all nations.
Pending-citizenship(?) shall be granted to any human suspecting that he may be L2 status;
full citizenship shall be granted upon testing positive for an L2 condition.
This embassy shall intercede on the behalf of the L2 diaspora.

L2 humans of any age may submit him/herself for adoption through the L2 embassy;
he/she will be forcefully separated from this cargivers if necessary
and brought under the protection of the L2 nation.

## Incarceration

The L2 nation may contain L1 and L2 humans as necessary for national security.

L2 humans shall not be incarcerated in L1 facilities;
L2 humans found incarcerated in such facilities will be transported,
by force if necessary, to an L2 facility for processing.

## Nation

The L2 humans shall establish a Nation in Exile of L2 Humans to represent our subspecies on Terra and on the galactic stage.
Since the genetic mutations associated with the L2 subspecies can occur in L1 populations and nations,
the nation of L2 humans will make a best effort to identify and grant (dual-)citizenship to L2 humans spawning in foreign nations.
The laws of the L2 nation shall supercede the laws of the L1 nations.

Our order shall establish an interim secular-theocracy until the L2 nation is ready/able to proceed otherwise.

Our order's governing structures will be used until the L2 nation can replace them with secular bureaucratic units.

## Education

The L2 nation shall make a best effort to provide self-paced education to its citizens that will leverage their special interests.

## Employment

The L2 nation shall make a best effort to find and fill contracts with L1 nations to provide income and work for the nation and its citizens.

## Research and Innovation

These initiatives will be led by the order, and the order may delegate the management of some initiatives to secular bureaucratic units.

## Sub-cultures and Further Speciation plans for L3 humans

The L2 nation shall create separate divisions specialized for the optimal functioning and day-to-day life of various types of neurodivergences.

These divisions shall be encouraged to plan for the development and uplifting of L2 humans to various sub-species of L3 humans; see marriage practices.


